W-11412935-oauth2-troubleshooting-kt (#2079)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: oauth2-provider/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/ouath2-provider-module-troubleshooting.adoc

= Troubleshooting OAuth2 Provider Module - Mule 4

> To troubleshoot OAuth 2 Provider module, become familiar with the information about enabling verbose logging and interpreting commonly thrown messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot OAuth2 Provider module, become familiar with the information about enabling verbose logging and interpreting commonly throw messages.
```

== Enable Verbose Logging

To get a better understanding of why an application's interaction with OAuth2 Provider module is failing, temporarily enable verbose logging for the module.

Remember to always disable the enhanced verbosity after troubleshooting, because it affects your Mule application performance.

To enable verbose logging in the configuration file:

. Access Anypoint Studio and navigate to the *Package Explorer* view.
. Open your application's project name.
. Open the `src/main/resources` path folder.
. Open the `log4j2.xml` file inside the folder.
. Add an `<AsyncLogger>` tag inside the `<Loggers>` tag:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
			<Loggers>
				...
				<AsyncLogger name="org.mule.extension.oauth2" level="DEBUG"/>
				...
			</Loggers>
----
[start=6]
. Save your application changes.
. Click the project name in *Package Explorer* and then click *Run* > *Run As* > *Mule Application*.

== Understand Common Throws

Here is a list of common thrown messages and how to interpret them:

* OAUTH2-PROVIDER:CLIENT_ALREADY_EXISTS

 A client already exists with the same client ID, and the *Fail If Present* field is set to `true`.

* OAUTH2-PROVIDER:INVALID_CONFIGURATION

>  The provided parameters are invalid, for example the *Authorized Grant Types* field of AUTHORIZATION_CODE does not have redirect URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The provided parameters are invalid, for example, the *Authorized Grant Types* field of `AUTHORIZATION_CODE` does not have a redirect URI.
```

* OAUTH2-PROVIDER:NO_SUCH_CLIENT

 The client to delete does not exist.

* OAUTH2-PROVIDER:INVALID_TOKEN

 The token to revoke is invalid.

* OAUTH2-PROVIDER:TOKEN_UNAUTHORIZED 

>  The token is not valid or there are missing or wrong fields set in the validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The token is invalid or there are missing or wrong fields set in the validation.
```
